{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red35\green46\blue57;\red62\green62\blue62;\red21\green163\blue221;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c18039\c23922\c28627;\cssrgb\c30980\c30980\c30980;\cssrgb\c784\c70196\c89412;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Hadoop Vocabulary\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 Here is a list of some terms associated with Hadoop. You'll learn more about these terms and how they relate to Spark in the rest of the lesson.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://hadoop.apache.org/"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Hadoop}}\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \'a0- an ecosystem of tools for big data storage and data analysis. Hadoop is an older system than Spark but is still used by many companies. The major difference between Spark and Hadoop is how they use memory. Hadoop writes intermediate results to disk whereas Spark tries to keep data in memory whenever possible. This makes Spark faster for many use cases.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Hadoop MapReduce
\f1\b0 \'a0- a system for processing and analyzing large data sets in parallel.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Hadoop YARN
\f1\b0 \'a0- a resource manager that schedules jobs across a cluster. The manager keeps track of what computer resources are available and then assigns those resources to specific tasks.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS)
\f1\b0 \'a0- a big data storage system that splits data into chunks and stores the chunks across a cluster of computers.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf3 As Hadoop matured, other tools were developed to make Hadoop easier to work with. These tools included:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Apache Pig
\f1\b0 \'a0- a SQL-like language that runs on top of Hadoop MapReduce\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Apache Hive
\f1\b0 \'a0- another SQL-like interface that runs on top of Hadoop MapReduce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Oftentimes when someone is talking about Hadoop in general terms, they are actually talking about Hadoop MapReduce. However, Hadoop is more than just MapReduce. In the next part of the lesson, you'll learn more about how MapReduce works.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \strokec2 How is Spark related to Hadoop?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 Spark, which is the main focus of this course, is another big data framework. Spark contains libraries for data analysis, machine learning, graph analysis, and streaming live data. Spark is generally faster than Hadoop. This is because Hadoop writes intermediate results to disk whereas Spark tries to keep intermediate results in memory whenever possible.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf3 The Hadoop ecosystem includes a distributed file storage system called HDFS (Hadoop Distributed File System). Spark, on the other hand, does not include a file storage system. You can use Spark on top of HDFS but you do not have to. Spark can read in data from other sources as well such as\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://aws.amazon.com/s3/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Amazon S3}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \strokec2 Streaming Data\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 Data streaming is a specialized topic in big data. The use case is when you want to store and analyze data in real-time such as Facebook posts or Twitter tweets.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Spark has a streaming library called\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/streaming-programming-guide.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Spark Streaming}}\'a0although it is not as popular and fast as some other streaming libraries. Other popular streaming libraries include\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://storm.apache.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Storm}}\'a0and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://flink.apache.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Flink}}. Streaming won't be covered in this course, but you can follow these links to learn more about these technologies.\
}