{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red35\green46\blue57;\red255\green255\blue255;\red62\green62\blue62;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c18039\c23922\c28627;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c30980\c30980\c30980;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Data Lineage\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl373\sa100\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 Definition\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf4 The data lineage of a dataset describes the discrete steps involved in the creation, movement, and calculation of that dataset.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl373\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf4 Why is Data Lineage important?\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Instilling Confidence:
\f1\b0 \'a0Being able to describe the data lineage of a particular dataset or analysis will build confidence in data consumers (engineers, analysts, data scientists, etc.) that our data pipeline is creating meaningful results using the correct datasets. If the data lineage is unclear, its less likely that the data consumers will trust or use the data.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Defining Metrics:
\f1\b0 \'a0Another major benefit of surfacing data lineage is that it allows everyone in the organization to agree on the definition of how a particular metric is calculated.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Debugging:
\f1\b0 \'a0Data lineage helps data engineers track down the root of errors when they occur. If each step of the data movement and transformation process is well described, it's easy to find problems when they occur.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf4 \cb3 In general, data lineage has important implications for a business. Each department or business unit's success is tied to data and to the flow of data between departments. For e.g., sales departments rely on data to make sales forecasts, while at the same time the finance department would need to track sales and revenue. Each of these departments and roles depend on data, and knowing where to find the data. Data flow and data lineage tools enable data engineers and architects to track the flow of this large web of data.\
}