{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red35\green46\blue57;\red255\green255\blue255;\red62\green62\blue62;
\red21\green163\blue221;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c18039\c23922\c28627;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c30980\c30980\c30980;
\cssrgb\c784\c70196\c89412;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Eventual Consistency:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf4 \cb3 Over time (if no new changes are made) each copy of the data will be the same, but if there are new changes, the data may be different in different locations. The data may be inconsistent for only milliseconds. There are workarounds in place to prevent getting stale data.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 Commonly Asked Questions:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf4 \cb3 What does the network look like? Can you share any examples?
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 In Apache Cassandra every node is connected to every node -- it's peer to peer database architecture.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \cb3 Is data deployment strategy an important element of data modeling in Apache Cassandra?
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Deployment strategies are a great topic, but have very little to do with data modeling. Developing deployment strategies focuses on determining how many clusters to create or determining how many nodes are needed. These are topics generally covered under database architecture, database deployment and operations, which we will not cover in this lesson. Here is a useful link to learn more about it for {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.datastax.com/en/dse-planning/doc/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 Apache Cassandra}}.\cb1 \
\cb3 In general, the size of your data and your data model can affect your deployment strategies. You need to think about how to create a cluster, how many nodes should be in that cluster, how to do the actual installation. More information about deployment strategies can be found on this {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.datastax.com/en/dse-planning/doc/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 DataStax documentation page}}\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 Citation for above slides:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf4 \cb3 Here is the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eventual_consistency"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 Wikipedia page}} cited in the slides.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 Cassandra Architecture\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf4 \cb3 We are not going into a lot of details about the Apache Cassandra Architecture. However, if you would like to learn more about it for your job, here are some links that you may find useful.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \cb3 Apache Cassandra Data Architecture:
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf5 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.datastax.com/en/cassandra/3.0/cassandra/architecture/archTOC.html"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Understanding the architecture}}\cf4 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf5 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cassandra/cassandra_architecture.htm"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Cassandra Architecture}}\cf4 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 The following link will go more in-depth about the Apache Cassandra Data Model, how Cassandra reads, writes, updates, and deletes data.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf5 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.datastax.com/en/cassandra/3.0/cassandra/dml/dmlIntro.html"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Cassandra Documentation}}}